Congratulations on finding Giai Huc, Miss.
Let her truly love you.
This person.
Being handsome will be heartbreaking.
One cannot help but want to give him all the best.
I want to prepare the best villa in Long Xuyen.
Gave him a wedding room
Do you have any suggestions?
Fuji Group and Bang Dien Group
Let's develop luxury houses across the country
The most luxurious villa in Long Xuyen.
Very suitable for the young lady and the aunt.
Two people.
The latter combine perfectly
Small life and beauty
Invincible.
I want to go to the best luxury house in Bang Dien.
Vice president.
I haven't seen him smile like that for a long time.
Look out our lady.
Really charming.
He's cute and not fake.
But what a pity.
He went through too many miserable times.
Didn't feel safe
Easy to talk loudly
It's OK. The lady will marry Fuji soon.
She will be the noblest woman in the village.
This.
At that time, his big words from the source friend were no good.
You're right.
He deserves the best in the world.
Yes, he doesn't have a permanent home.
I want to buy him a villa in Long Xuyen.
Do you know where?
You asked the right person.
Hey, we're Fuji
Alliance with Bang Dien Group
Let's develop luxury houses across the country
Perfect for you and your wife.
Arrange now.
I was really looking forward to him seeing the house and being surprised.
How many surprises will there be?